Now let's move to sales and gallery_movements edge functions:
Columns for Sales:
1. id, 2. user_id, 3. artifact_id 4. created_at
(These ones are pretty obvious and similar to other situations and tables, Obviously these can not be null and should be set automatically by ourselves)
5. amount
(This can't be null and is set by user) 
6. buyer_name, 7. notes,
(These can be null and is set by user) 
8. gallery_id, 9.sold_channel
Columns for Gallery movements:
1. id, 2. user_id, 3. artifact_id 4. created_at
(These ones are pretty obvious and similar to other situations and tables, Obviously these can not be null and should be set automatically by ourselves)
5. movement_type
(This can't be null and is set by user but not directly instead it set based on which functions that user call)
6. gallery_name, 7. notes
(These can be null and is set by user) 
Scenarios:
We already told that user should be able to record sale and gallery_movements here I explain the exact scenarios:
1. User should be able to give two main types of reciepts for artifacts with status "ready" one is reciept for sale and the other for gallery
- Sale:
In this type user selects some of "ready" artifacts and per each of them should determine amount and optionally set note per each,
there's an optional buyer name for whole reciept and this kind of sales channel are going to be considered "direct" since artifacts weren't sent to gallery from the first.
After the reciept is commited all the bulk of sales should be added to sales.
- Gallery movements:
In this type user selects some of "ready" artifacts and optionally set note per each,
there's an optional gallery name for whole reciept and type of all gallery_movements would be "sent" obviously.
After the reciept is commited all the bulk of movements should be added to gallery movements.
2. Besides the reciept there's no way to commit sending to gallery or direct sales so the sold artifacts obviously won't need change and all; but the artifacts sent to gallery have two options (unlike the last part which should be able to done bulky this part should be handle one by one):
First it could be sold in gallery, so there should be a sale record with automatic gallery_id, buyer_name, sold_channel from there and uer just set the amount and note of that sale.
Second it could be returned which should add a gallery_movements record with type returned and again notes could be added by user

Give me your opinion and then edge functios needed